{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1531630\rsid6424666}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\title LICENSING CONDITIONS FOR AGSatTrack}{\author Alex}{\operator Alex}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy9\hr13\min3}{\revtim\yr2001\mo9\dy16\hr12\min15}{\version5}{\edmins5}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords350}{\nofchars1997}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws2343}{\vern16437}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot1531630 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 
\par Licensing and Registration Information
\par 
\par By installing AGSatTrack, you accept these conditions so please read
\par them very carefully.
\par 
\par AGSatTrack }{\f2\fs20\insrsid1531630 is copyright Alex Greenland 2001}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 .
\par 
\par You may pass a copy of AGSatTrack to another person, provided
\par that they pass on the distribution file(s) in their entirety. You are
\par not allowed to alter the distribution file(s) in any way.
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid1531630 
\par AGSatTrack is freeware but will display this notice until such time as a registration code is obtained. Registration is free and is purely to provide the author with some indication of the number of users.
\par 
\par If you continue to use this software then please consider making a donation to Amsat to help fund future amateur satellite projects.
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 
\par You must not pass on your registration information to any other user.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri3842\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin3842\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6424666 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6424666 Disclaimer
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6424666 
\par The Author
 cannot and does not guarantee that any functions contained in the Software will meet your requirements, or that its operations will be error free.  The entire risk as to the Software performance or quality, or both, is solely with the user and not the Au
thor.  You 
\par assume responsibility for the selection of the component to achieve your intended results, and for the installation, use, and results obtained from the Software. 
\par 
\par The Author makes no warranty; either implied or expressed, including without limi
tation any warranty with respect to this Software documented here, its quality, performance, or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall the Author be liable to you for damages, whether direct or indirect, incidental, special, or consequential 
arising out the use of or any defect in the Software, even if the Author has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any other party. 
\par 
\par All other warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are expressly excluded. 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 Registration
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 
\par To register this software please email the author at the address below. Please specify the User name that you would like to register the software with. A registration code will be emailed back to you, this can take up to a week so please be patient. To en
ter the registration code select the \lquote Register\rquote  button in the About box.
\par 
\par Alex Greenland, G7JGQ
\par alex.greenland@btinternet.com
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 16}{\f2\fs20\super\insrsid6424666\charrsid6424666 th}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666  September 2001}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6424666 
\par }}